1. In the **IaaS Provider** section, enter credentials for your AWS account. You have two options:
   * In the **AWS Credential Profile** drop-down, you can select an already existing AWS credential profile. If you select a profile, the access key and session token information configured for your profile are passed to the Installer without displaying actual values in the UI.
   * Alternately, enter AWS account credentials directly in the **Access Key ID** and **Secret Access Key** fields for your AWS account. For information about setting up credential profiles, see [Prepare to Deploy a Management or Standalone Cluster to AWS](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/docs/latest/aws/).
   * Optionally, specify an AWS session token in **Session Token** if your AWS account is configured to require temporary credentials. For more information on acquiring session tokens, see [Using temporary credentials with AWS resources](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html).
1. In **Region**, select the AWS region in which to deploy the cluster. If you intend to deploy a production management cluster, this region must have at least three availability zones. This region must also be registered with the SSH key entered in the next field.  A list of regions is available [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions) in the AWS documentation.
1. In **SSH Key Name**, specify the name of an SSH key that is already registered with both your Amazon EC2 account and the region where you are deploying the cluster. For information about setting up credential profiles, see [Prepare to Deploy a Management or Standalone Cluster to AWS](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/docs/latest/aws/).
1. If this is the first time deploying a cluster, select the **Automate creation of AWS CloudFormation Stack** checkbox, and click **Connect**.

   The CloudFormation stack creates the identity and access management (IAM) resources that Tanzu Community Edition needs to deploy and run clusters on AWS. For more information, see [Required IAM Resources](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/docs/latest/ref-aws/#permissions).
1. If the connection is successful, click **Next**.